LICENSE AGREEMENT FOR PC MAGAZINE UTILITIES

READ THIS AGREEMENT CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THE SOFTWARE EMBODIED IN THE 
DISC OR CD-ROM DISTRIBUTED WITH THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT OR, IF 
DOWNLOADED OR IF PROVIDED AS PART OF A COLLECTION, THE DOWNLOADED OR 
COLLECTED FILE(S) (the "Media"). Embodied in the Media is a PC Magazine 
Utility computer program, its source code, and related documentation 
(the "Software"). Ziff Davis Media Inc. ("Ziff-Davis") is the licensor 
under this Agreement and you are the licensee. By using the Software, in 
whole or in part, you agree to be bound by the terms of this Agreement. 
If you do not agree to the terms of this Agreement, promptly return the 
Software to the fulfillment house from whom you received the disc or 
CD-ROM (or, if downloaded, delete the Software, or if provided as part 
of a collection, cease use of the Software). Title to the Software and 
all copyrights and other proprietary rights therein are owned by Ziff-
Davis. All rights therein, except those expressly granted to you in 
this Agreement, are reserved by Ziff-Davis. 

1.	Limited License
Ziff-Davis grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable license to 
install and use the Software in a single location on a hard disk or 
other storage device, and to make a single archival copy of the Software.

Ziff-Davis grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable license to use 
the source code distributed with PC Magazine utilities for educational, 
non-commercial purposes only. Under no circumstances may you distribute 
any unaltered or altered version of the Software through any means, 
including, without limitation, personal bulletin boards, ftp sites, 
CompuServe, the Web, floppy disk or other storage device, or under any 
name, including without limitation, your name, Ziff-Davis' name or any 
third party's name, nor may you distribute or market programs that 
contain altered or unaltered portions of the Software's source code. In 
no event shall Ziff-Davis' distribution of the source code with the 
Software imply or result in a diminishment or impairment of Ziff-Davis' 
rights in the Software or the source code of the Software, including, 
without limitation, Ziff-Davis' copyright in the Software or the source 
code of the Software.

This Agreement and your rights hereunder shall automatically terminate 
if you fail to comply with any provision of this Agreement. Upon such 
termination, you shall cease all use of the Software. Further you shall 
delete the Software and destroy any archival copies of the Software and 
other materials related to the Software in your possession or under 
your control, or, if downloaded or if provided as part of a collection, 
you shall cease use of and destroy any and all copies of the Software 
in your possession or under your control.

2.	Additional Restrictions
A.	You shall not copy the Software or any component thereof, except 
for a single archival copy pursuant to paragraph 1 above.  You shall 
not rent, lease, sell or sublicense the Software.  Any attempt to do so 
shall be void and of no effect.  To obtain additional copies of the 
Software, refer to the PC Magazine Web site located at 
http://www.pcmag.com or PC Magazine's Utilities column.

B.	You shall not (and shall not permit other persons or entities to) 
merge, modify, include in other software or translate the Software or 
any component thereof.

C.	You shall not (and shall not permit other persons or entities to) 
remove or obscure Ziff-Davis' copyright, trademark or other proprietary 
notices or legends from any of the materials contained in this package 
or downloaded.

3.	Disclaimer of Warranty
THE SOFTWARE AND THE MEDIA ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY 
KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY 
WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. IN NO 
EVENT SHALL ZIFF-DAVIS OR ITS AUTHORIZED DISTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY 
DIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE 
USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE SOFTWARE OR THE MEDIA, EVEN IF ZIFF-DAVIS 
OR ITS AUTHORIZED DISTRIBUTORS HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE LIKELIHOOD OF 
SUCH DAMAGES OCCURRING. ZIFF-DAVIS AND ITS AUTHORIZED DISTRIBUTORS 
SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS, DAMAGES OR COSTS, ARISING OUT OF, BUT 
NOT LIMITED TO, LOST PROFITS OR REVENUE, LOSS OF USE OF THE SOFTWARE OR 
THE MEDIA, LOSS OF DATA OR EQUIPMENT, THE COSTS OF RECOVERING SOFTWARE, 
THE MEDIA, DATA OR EQUIPMENT, THE COST OF SUBSTITUTE SOFTWARE OR THE 
MEDIA, DATA OR EQUIPMENT OR CLAIMS BY THIRD PARTIES, OR OTHER SIMILAR 
COSTS.

SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES 
OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO 
THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS OR EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

4.	U.S. Government Restricted Rights
The Software is licensed subject to RESTRICTED RIGHTS. Use, duplication 
or disclosure by the Government or any person or entity acting on its 
behalf is subject to restrictions as set forth in subdivision 
(c)(1)(ii) of the Rights in Technical Data and Computer Software Clause 
at DFARS (48 CFR 252.227-7013) for DoD contracts, in paragraphs (c)(1) 
and (2) of the Commercial Computer Software-Restricted Rights clause in 
the FAR (48 CFR 52.227-19) for civilian agencies, or in the case of 
NASA, in Clause 18-52.227-86(d) of the NASA Supplement to the FAR, or 
in other comparable agency clauses.

5.	General Provisions
Nothing in this Agreement constitutes a waiver of Ziff-Davis' rights 
under U.S. copyright laws or any other Federal, state, local or foreign 
law. You are responsible for installation, management, and operation of 
the Software. This Agreement shall be construed, interpreted and 
governed under New York law. If any provision of this Agreement shall 
be held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, invalid or 
unenforceable, the remaining provisions shall remain in full force and 
effect.  You agree that the Software will not be shipped, transferred 
or exported into any country or used in any manner prohibited by the 
United States Export Administration Act or any other export laws, 
restrictions or regulations. 

