End User License Agreement for IXXAT Software Products Provided Free-of-Charge 

This software license agreement (following named "Agreement") is a legal 
agreement between you and your company ("Client") and IXXAT Automation GmbH 
("IXXAT"). By using the software program(s) and/or components included in the 
zip file or package ("Software"), Client agrees to be bound by the terms of this 
Agreement. If Client does not agree to the terms of this Agreement, Software and 
the accompanying items (including any written materials, and binders or other 
containers) shall be promptly deinstalled and deleted or destroyed. 


§ 1 Scope of Delivery of Software 

1.1 Software is provided as it is. IXXAT does not guarantee that Software 
embodies all necessary legal provisions and all standards related to the 
Software. 

1.2 Software is delivered by IXXAT in a machine-readable format (object code), 
together with installation instructions and user documentation (if provided). 
Installation instructions and user documentation may be provided as PDF only. 


§ 2 Right to Use Software 

2.1 IXXAT grants to Client the right to use Software to the extent agreed in 
this agreement. Client may use Software for its own purposes and for the 
purposes of Client's group of companies. 

2.2 Software is provided free-of-charge to Client as free supplement to the 
existing IXXAT software and hardware products. 

2.3 The Client agrees to use Software only on configurations that IXXAT has 
declared to be compatible with Software. 


§ 3 Performance 

3.1 Client shall be responsible for the installation of Software on its 
IT-system. 

3.2 Client shall be responsible for the implementation of Software, Client is 
also responsible to test Software under the conditions it shall be used before 
using it productively. 


§ 4 Client's Responsibilities for Software Protection 

4.1 Client acknowledges that Software and the related documentation – including 
future versions – are copyrighted, and represent confidential information and 
trade secrets proprietary to IXXAT or to IXXAT’s supplier. Client shall take all 
necessary steps to avoid disclosure of the source-code of Software and the 
related documentation to any third party. If Software is delivered in 
source-code, Client shall make it available to any third party only with IXXAT's 
permission. Client’s obligation shall be permanent. The permission may not be 
unreasonably withheld, but it need not be given to enable Client to obtain 
maintenance from a third party. 

4.2 Client may copy Software only for back-up purposes, for replacement or – if 
source-code has been delivered – in order to search for defects. 

4.3 Client shall not be entitled to develop any Software based on IXXAT’s 
Software, nor shall Client be entitled to copy, translate, modify or develop any 
works based on provided user documentation. Client may make copies of the user 
documentation only if admissible and only for internal purposes. 

4.4 IXXAT may revoke Client's right of use, if Client substantially violates its 
obligations referring to software protection. 


§ 5 Warranty and Maintenance 

5.1 Software is given away for free without maintenance and warranty. Client may 
report deficiencies to IXXAT. IXXAT may develop, update and upgrade Software at 
its sole discretion and without prior announcement. This includes implementation 
of new features and the adaptation to system software. 


§ 6 Support 

6.1 IXXAT shall not be obliged to provide support for Software. 


§ 7 IXXAT's Liability 

7.1 IXXAT, ITS AFFILIATES AND/OR ITS SUPPLIERS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY 
DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, DIRECT OR INDIRECT DAMAGES FOR 
PERSONAL INJURY, LOSS OF BUSINESS PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF 
BUSINESS INFORMATION DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF DATA, OR SOFTWARE RESTORATION, OR ANY 
OTHER PECUNIARY LOSS) ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE 
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF IXXAT HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. 

7.2 IN ANY CASE, THE ENTIRE LIABILITY OF IXXAT, ITS AFFILIATES AND ITS 
SUPPLIERS', UNDER ANY PROVISION OF THIS AGREEMENT, SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE 
AMOUNT OF THE PAYMENTS MADE BY CLIENT TO IXXAT FOR THIS SOFTWARE. YOU MAY CLAIM 
FOR HIGHER LIABILITY OF IXXAT, BUT MUST THEN PAY A THIRD CHARGE FOR THE 
AGGRAVATED RISK. 


§ 8 General Matters 

8.1 This Agreement shall constitute the entire agreement between the parties and 
shall not be altered, amended or cancelled, except in writing and with the 
consent and signature of all parties concerned. 

8.2 The parties, if they are merchants by registration, hereby submit to the 
jurisdiction of IXXAT's main place of business. 

8.3 This Agreement shall conform with and be governed by the laws of Germany. 
The United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods 
(which has been incorporated into German law) shall not apply to foreign 
Clients. 


© 2008, IXXAT GmbH Version: September 12, 2008 

